<h1>Welcome to the SSN ACM 10th Year Anniversary Hackathon!</h1>
<p>We are excited to invite all students to participate in this event and showcase their skills and creativity.</p>

<h2>Overview</h2>
<p>This hackathon is different from traditional hackathons because we are not setting a specific theme. Instead, participants are allowed to <strong>choose any project that aligns with the given <a href="#Tracks">tracks</a></strong> and  will have an impact on society. We encourage participants to think creatively and focus on innovation while choosing their projects.</p>
<p>A few ideas to juice your thinking:</p>
<ul>
  <li>GPTzero project: Develop an application that analyzes texts to determine whether they were generated by an AI.</li>
  <li>Traffic Management System: Design a real-time traffic management system that integrates with GPS and other traffic data sources to optimize traffic flow and reduce congestion in urban areas.</li>
  <li>Sustainable Energy Management: Create a platform that utilizes data analytics and machine learning to optimize energy consumption in buildings and other facilities, reducing energy waste and promoting sustainability.</li>
  <li>Mental Health Support System: Develop a platform that uses AI and chatbots to provide mental health support and counseling to people suffering from stress, anxiety, or other mental health issues.</li>
  <li>Healthcare Analytics: Create a predictive model using machine learning algorithms that can detect potential diseases or health risks in patients by analyzing medical records and other health-related data.</li>
</ul>

<h2>Tracks</h2>
<ol>
  <li>Fintech and De-Fi</li>
  <li>Ed-Tech</li>
  <li>Utility and Life-tech</li>
  <li>Healthcare</li>
  <li>Web 3.0</li>
  <li>Agriculture</li>
  <li>Cybersecurity</li>
  <li>Quantum Computing</li>
</ol>

<strong>Note to the Participants : <ul><li>Only SOFTWARE projects that fall in the aforementioned tracks will be accepted</li><li>Team Size: 2 - 4</li></ul></strong>

<h2 id="tm">Timeline</h2>
<table>
    <tr>
        <th>Activity</th>
        <th>Link</th>
        <th>Deadline</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Registration</td>
        <td><a href="https://forms.gle/6ML8HFG4eHNVy5Fs7">Register Here</a></td>
        <td>March 27th, 2023</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>Abstract Submission</td>
        <td><a href="https://forms.gle/Cc6jxjwFBZKwkD3w9">Submit Your Abstract Here</a></td>
        <td>March 31st, 2023</td>
    </tr>
</table>
<strong>Note: <a href="https://github.com/SSNACM/SSN-ACM-10th-Anniversary/blob/main/Abstract%20Submission%20Format.docx">Abstract Submission Format</a> </strong>

<br>
<h3>Shortlisted teams will be notified by April 1st, 2023</h3>
<p>The shortlisted teams should work on implementing the proposed solution and submit the initial work folowing the <a href="#sb">Submission Guidelines</a> by April 8th, 2023 11:59 PM IST</p>
<p>After the initial submission, the teams will be given inputs and feedback from the judging panel by April 9th, 2023 11:59 PM and will be given 24 hours to implement the changes and submit the final work by April 10th, 2023 11:59 PM IST</p>
<p>The shortlisted teams are requested to attend the award ceremony on April 12th, 2023 9:00 AM IST</p>
<h3>Venue </h3>
Mode : In-Person
<br>
Location : <a href="https://maps.app.goo.gl/s4mZjSBpAgtZ7vBN8">SSN College of Engineering, Kalavakkam, Chennai, Tamil Nadu 603110</a>
<br>

<h2>Judging Criteria</h2>
<p>Projects will be evaluated based on the following criteria:</p>
<ul>
  <li>Creativity: How innovative and original is the idea?</li>
  <li>Feasibility: How practical and realistic is the project idea? Can it be implemented in real-world scenarios?</li>
  <li>Impact on Society: How much impact will the project have on society and how well does it address a societal issue?</li>
</ul>

<p>We'll be evaluating the final projects based on several criteria, as detailed in this <a href="rubric.md">rubric</a>.</p>

<h2 id="sb">Submitting Your Projects</h2>
<p>To submit your solutions:</p>
<ol>
  <li>Fork this repository to your GitHub account.</li>
  <li>Create a new branch and name it after your project.</li>
  <li>Work on your project, and create a pull request when you are done.</li>
  <li>In the pull request, include a detailed description of your project, instructions on how to run it, and any relevant screenshots or visuals.</li>
  <li>Submit your pull request.</li>
  <li>Fill the Google Form mentioned in the <a href="#tm">Timeline Section</a> section to submit your project.</li>
</ol>

<p></p>

<h2>Resources</h2>
<p>Participants are free to use any programming language, platform, or tools of their choice.</p>


<strong><p>Wishing you all the best and happy hacking! Let's see some amazing projects.</p></strong>
